Hahaha
What is a blood rose?
uno
The adopted son of Lei Qianjue, the four saints of Blood Jade and White Tiger
Hahaha what?
You are so brave
Xueyumen clearly stipulates
Can't understand the party camp department
How dare you ignore the rules
Guo Rongkang
What right do you have to accuse me?
Aren't you also members of the party?
When the King of Xie Yu was here before
His blood rose is indeed a person
But now the throne has been missing for three years
Life and death uncertain
His blood rose is at best one
Collector's Dog
You think I would be afraid of him
Okay.
I'm not talking nonsense with you either.
I'll give you two options today.
Want some?
Die here
Either retreat bleeding with door
Bleeding and Door
You said it doesn't count.
I said no
You have the final say
You got that right.
I really have the final say
Then you go to hell.
Stop
You have a big breath
Siemens Leopard
You are just an Elder of the Blood Jade Sect
How dare you speak wildly